docs: create v2 to v3 migration guide (#7306)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/apps/migration/from-v2/upgrading-from-bootstrap-v3-to-v5.md

# Upgrading from Bootstrap v3.4.1 to v5.x

> With the release of Nautobot v3.0, the UI has undergone significant improvements to enhance usability, flexibility, and maintainability. This version introduces an upgrade from [Bootstrap v3.4.1](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.4/) to [Boostrap 5.x](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/). This transition brings modern UI enhancements, improved accessibility, and better responsiveness. While these changes provide a more consistent and intuitive user experience, they also introduce necessary modifications that may impact existing custom UI components and templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of Nautobot v3.0, the UI has undergone significant improvements to enhance usability, flexibility, and maintainability. This version introduces an upgrade from [Bootstrap v3.4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.4/) to [Bootstrap v5.3](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/). This transition brings modern UI enhancements, improved accessibility, and better responsiveness. While these changes provide a more consistent and intuitive user experience, they also introduce necessary modifications that may impact existing custom UI components and templates.
```
